This Is Rossini
The greatest operatic and orchestral works of Rossini, featuring William Tell, The Barber of Seville and Cinderella.

2 Nouvelles compositions: No. 1, À Grenade -- Gioachino Rossini, Giuseppina Bridelli, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 10
Armida, Act I: Sinfonia -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 4
Canzonetta spagnuola -- Gioachino Rossini, Giuseppina Bridelli, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 10
Duetto buffo di due gatti -- Gioachino Rossini, Evelyne Razimowsky, Michel Piquemal, Jean-Claude Pennetier, Ensemble Vocal Michel Piquemal -- Rossini-Oeuvres vocales-Duo des chats-Ave maria-Promenade
Giovanna d'Arco - Cantata a voce sola con piano -- Gioachino Rossini, Cecilia Bartoli, Charles Spencer -- Rossini: Giovanna d'Arco; 19 songs
Il barbiere di Siviglia / Act 2: No. 15 Temporale (Thunderstorm) -- Gioachino Rossini, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, Bruno Bartoletti -- Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia
Il barbiere di Siviglia, Act I: No. 8, Aria. A un dottor della mia sorte -- Gioachino Rossini, Enzo Dara, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia; La Cenerentola; L'Italiana in Algeri; Il viaggio a Reims
Il barbiere di Siviglia, Act II: No. 19, Finale. Di sì felice innesto -- Gioachino Rossini, Stefania Malagu, Teresa Berganza, Luigi Alva, Hermann Prey, Enzo Dara, Paolo Montarsolo, Ambrosian Opera Chorus, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia; La Cenerentola; L'Italiana in Algeri; Il viaggio a Reims
Il barbiere di Siviglia: Largo al factotum -- Gioachino Rossini, Simon Keenlyside, Munich Radio Orchestra, Ulf Schirmer -- Tales Of Opera
Il barbiere di Siviglia: Overture (Sinfonia) -- Gioachino Rossini, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, Bruno Bartoletti -- Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia
Il turco in Italia: Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 4
Il viaggio a Reims: Dell'alma diva (Live) -- Gioachino Rossini, Mirco Palazzi, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani -- Rossini: Il viaggio a Reims (Live)
Introduction, Theme & Variations for Clarinet and Orchestra in E-Flat Major: Introduction. Andante sostenuto -- Gioachino Rossini, Charles Neidich, Orpheus Chamber Orchestra -- Rossini: Overtures; Introduction, Theme and Variations for Clarinet and Orchestra
L'Italiana in Algeri (the Italian Girl in Algiers), Act I Scene 8: Aria. Gia d'insolito ardore nel petto [Mustafa] -- Gioachino Rossini, Lorenzo Regazzo, Alberto Zedda, Ruth Gonzalez, Elsa Giannoulidou, Giulio Mastrototaro, Lawrence Brownlee, Marianna Pizzolato, Bruno De Simone, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis -- Rossini: L'Italiana in Algeri
L'Italiana in Algeri (the Italian Girl in Algiers), Act II Scene 4: Aria. Ho un gran peso sulla testa [Taddeo, Chorus] -- Gioachino Rossini, Lorenzo Regazzo, Alberto Zedda, Ruth Gonzalez, Elsa Giannoulidou, Giulio Mastrototaro, Lawrence Brownlee, Marianna Pizzolato, Bruno De Simone, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis -- Rossini: L'Italiana in Algeri
L'italiana in Algeri: Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 3
La Boutique Fantasque: Cancan -- Gioachino Rossini, Orchestre Symphonique de Montréal, Charles Dutoit -- Rossini: La Boutique Fantasque / Respighi: Impressioni Brasilliane
La Cenerentola / Act 1: "No, no, no non v'è" -- Gioachino Rossini, Fernanda Costa, Gloria Banditelli, Orchestra del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La Cenerentola / Act 2: "Nacqui all'affanno e al pianto...Non più mesta" -- Gioachino Rossini, Marilyn Horne, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Henry Lewis -- The Spectacular Voice of Marilyn Horne
La Cenerentola / Act 2: "Sì, ritrovarla io giuro" -- Gioachino Rossini, Javier Camarena, Les Musiciens du Prince-Monaco, Gianluca Capuano -- Rossini: La Cenerentola: "Sì, ritrovarla io giuro"
La Cenerentola / Act 2: Temporale -- Gioachino Rossini, Orchestra del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La Cenerentola, Act I: Quintet. Signore, una parola – Qui nel mio codice – Nel volto -- Gioachino Rossini, Teresa Berganza, Paolo Montarsolo, Renato Capecchi, Luigi Alva, Ugo Trama, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia; La Cenerentola; L'Italiana in Algeri; Il viaggio a Reims
La Cenerentola, Act II: Aria. Sia qualunque delle figlie -- Gioachino Rossini, Paolo Montarsolo, London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Rossini: La Cenerentola
La gazza ladra, Act II: A mio nome, deh, consegna (Live) -- Gioachino Rossini, María José Moreno, Mariana Rewerski, Virtuosi Brunensis, Alberto Zedda -- Rossini: La gazza ladra (Live)
La gazza ladra: Sinfonia (Live) -- Gioachino Rossini, Virtuosi Brunensis, Alberto Zedda -- Rossini: La gazza ladra (Live)
La regata veneziana: 1. Anzoleta avanti la regata -- Gioachino Rossini, Cecilia Bartoli, Charles Spencer -- Rossini: Giovanna d'Arco; 19 songs
Mosè in Egitto / Act 1: No. 1 Introduzione: "Ah! Chi ne aiuta! Oh ciel!" -- Gioachino Rossini, Philharmonia Orchestra, Claudio Scimone, Siegmund Nimsgern, Ernesto Palacio, Zehava Gal, Ambrosian Opera Chorus -- Rossini: Mosè in Egitto
Otello, ossia Il moro di Venezia, Act I: Cavatina. Ah si, per voi gia sento (Otello, Jago, Choir) -- Gioachino Rossini, Michael Spyres, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Jessica Pratt, Ugo Guagliardo, Filippo Adami, Giorgio Trucco, Geraldine Chauvet, Sean Spyres, Hugo Colin, Leonardo Cortellazzi -- Rossini: Otello
Otello, ossia Il moro di Venezia, Act III: Scene, Air, Duet and Finale III: Ah!… Dagli affanni oppressa (Desdemona, Emilia) -- Gioachino Rossini, Michael Spyres, Transylvania State Philharmonic Choir, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Jessica Pratt, Ugo Guagliardo, Filippo Adami, Giorgio Trucco, Geraldine Chauvet, Sean Spyres, Hugo Colin, Leonardo Cortellazzi -- Rossini: Otello
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 11 "Miscellanée de musique vocale": No. 1, Ariette villageoise -- Gioachino Rossini, Giuseppina Bridelli, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 10
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 5, Album pour les enfants adolescents: No. 1, Premiere Communion -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 3
Péchés de vieillesse, Vol. 6, Album pour les enfants degourdis: No. 8, Barcarole -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 2
Rossini : La Cenerentola : Act 2 "Della Fortuna instabile" [Chorus] -- Gioachino Rossini, Carlo Rizzi, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden -- Rossini : La Cenerentola
Rossini : La Cenerentola : Act 2 "Un segreto d'importanza" [Dandini, Magnifico] -- Gioachino Rossini, Gino Quilico, Alessandro Corbelli, Carlo Rizzi & Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Carlo Rizzi, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden -- Rossini : La Cenerentola
Rossini : La Cenerentola : Sinfonia -- Gioachino Rossini, Carlo Rizzi & Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Carlo Rizzi, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden -- Rossini : La Cenerentola
Rossini: Armida, Act 3 Scene 10: "Dove son io? … Fuggi" (Armida) -- Gioachino Rossini, Joyce DiDonato, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Edoardo Muller, Coro dell'Accademia Nazionale Di Santa Cecilia, Lawrence Brownlee, Corrado Amici -- Rossini: Colbran, the Muse (opera arias)
Rossini: Guillaume Tell, Act 3: Pas de trois. Danse -- Gioachino Rossini, Lamberto Gardelli, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra -- Rossini: Guillaume Tell
Rossini: Guillaume Tell, Act 4: Final. "Pourquoi ta présence, ô mon père !" (Arnold, Guillaume, Hedwige, Jemmy, Mathilde, Gessler, Walter, Chœur) -- Gioachino Rossini, Lamberto Gardelli, Ambrosian Opera Chorus, Gabriel Bacquier, Jocelyne Taillon, Kolos Kovacs, Louis Hendrikx, Mady Mesplé, Montserrat Caballé, Nicolai Gedda, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra -- Rossini: Guillaume Tell
Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia, Act 1: Canzone. "Se il mio nome saper voi bramate" (Conte, Rosina, Figaro) -- Gioachino Rossini, James Levine, Beverly Sills, Nicolai Gedda, Sherrill Milnes, London Symphony Orchestra -- Rossini: The Barber of Seville
Rossini: Il barbiere di Siviglia, Act 2: Cavatina. "Una voce poco fà" (Rosina) -- Gioachino Rossini, James Levine, Beverly Sills, London Symphony Orchestra -- Rossini: The Barber of Seville
Rossini: Stabat Mater: I. Stabat Mater dolorosa -- Gioachino Rossini, Antonio Pappano, Anna Netrebko, Ildebrando D'Arcangelo, Joyce DiDonato, Lawrence Brownlee, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Rossini: Stabat Mater: II. Cujus animam gementem -- Gioachino Rossini, Antonio Pappano, Lawrence Brownlee, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Rossini: Stabat Mater: IX. Quando corpus morietur -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Agnes Baltsa, Catherine Malfitano, Gwynne Howell, Robert Gambill, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater & Petite messe solennelle
Rossini: Stabat Mater: VI. Sancta Mater, istud agas -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Agnes Baltsa, Catherine Malfitano, Gwynne Howell, Robert Gambill, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater & Petite messe solennelle
Rossini: Stabat Mater: VII. Fac, ut portem Christi mortem -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Agnes Baltsa, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater & Petite messe solennelle
Rossini: Stabat Mater: X. Amen. In sempiterna saecula -- Gioachino Rossini, Riccardo Muti, Agnes Baltsa, Catherine Malfitano, Coro del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, Gwynne Howell, Robert Gambill, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino -- Rossini: Stabat Mater & Petite messe solennelle
Semiramide, Act I Scene 8: Ah dov'e, dov'e il cimento? (Idreno) -- Gioachino Rossini, Alex Penda, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Marianna Pizzolato, Lorenzo Regazzo, John Osborn, Andrea Mastroni, Marija Jokovic, Vassilis Kavayas, Raffaele Facciola, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir -- Rossini: Semiramide
Semiramide, Act II Scene 11: Al mio pregar t'arrendi - L'usato ardir (Semiramide, Arsace, Assur, Oroe) -- Gioachino Rossini, Alex Penda, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Marianna Pizzolato, Lorenzo Regazzo, John Osborn, Andrea Mastroni, Marija Jokovic, Vassilis Kavayas, Raffaele Facciola, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir -- Rossini: Semiramide
Semiramide: Sinfonia -- Gioachino Rossini, Alex Penda, Virtuosi Brunensis, Antonino Fogliani, Marianna Pizzolato, Lorenzo Regazzo, John Osborn, Andrea Mastroni, Marija Jokovic, Vassilis Kavayas, Raffaele Facciola, Poznan Camerata Bach Choir -- Rossini: Semiramide
Serenata in E flat -- Gioachino Rossini, Filarmonica del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: String Sonatas, etc.
Sinfonia in D - "al Conventello" - ed. Philip Gossett -- Gioachino Rossini, Filarmonica del Teatro Comunale di Bologna, Riccardo Chailly -- Rossini: String Sonatas, Vol.2
Sonata for Strings No. 2 in A Major: I. Allegro (Version for orchestra) -- Gioachino Rossini, Hungarian Virtuosi, Tamás Benedek -- Rossini: String Sonatas Nos. 1- 3
Sonata for Strings No. 6 in D Major, "La tempesta": III. Tempesta. Allegro (Version for orchestra) -- Gioachino Rossini, Hungarian Virtuosi, Tamás Benedek -- Rossini: Sonatas for Strings Nos. 4-6
Stabat Mater: III. Quis est homo (Duet) -- Gioachino Rossini, Howard Arman, Rosa Feola, Gerhild Romberger, Munich Radio Orchestra -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Stabat Mater: V. Eia, mater (Recitativo and Chorus) -- Gioachino Rossini, Howard Arman, Mika Kares, Bavarian Radio Chorus, Munich Radio Orchestra -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
Stabat Mater: VIII. Inflammatus (Aria and Chorus) -- Gioachino Rossini, Howard Arman, Rosa Feola, Bavarian Radio Chorus, Munich Radio Orchestra -- Rossini: Stabat Mater
The Barber of Seville, Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, The King's Singers -- The Sound of The King's Singers
Variazzioni di clarinetto in C Major -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Philharmonia, Jiří Bělohlávek, Ludmila Peterková -- Mendelssohn, Rossini and Bruch: Works for Clarinet and Orchestra
Waltz in E-Flat Major -- Gioachino Rossini, Alessandro Marangoni -- Rossini: Piano Music, Vol. 6
William Tell : Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Sir Neville Marriner, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields -- 1812 Overture - The Greatest Classical Anthems
