Renaissance Classics
Relaxing choral and instrumental classical music from the Renaissance era.

A lieta vita (Sing and we chant it) -- Thomas Morley, The Musicians of Swanne Alley -- The Sound of Shakespeare
A Worcester Ladymass: O Maria virgo pia -- Traditional, Trio Mediæval -- A Worcester Ladymass
Amours amours amours -- Antoine Busnois, Karl-Ernst Schröder, Crawford Young -- Amours amours amours
Angelus Domini descendit -- Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, The Sixteen, Harry Christophers -- Palestrina, Vol. 7
Anne Boleyn's Songbook: Stabat mater dolorosa -- Josquin des Prez, Alamire, David Skinner -- Anne Boleyn's Songbook: Music & Passions of a Tudor Queen
Au joly jeu -- Clément Janequin, Harmonia Recorder Ensemble -- Renaissance Consort Music, Vol. 1
Ave cujus conceptio -- Nicholas Ludford, Blue Heron, Scott Metcalfe -- Music from the Peterhouse Partbooks, Vol. 4
Ave Maria -- Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, Sistine Chapel Choir, Massimo Palombella -- Palestrina
Byrd: Ave Verum Corpus -- William Byrd, Peter Phillips, The Tallis Scholars -- The Tallis Scholars Sing William Byrd
Byrd: Pavana Lachrymae (After Dowland's "Flow My Tears") -- William Byrd, Shani Diluka -- Byrd: Pavana Lachrymae (After Dowland's "Flow My Tears")
Christus resurgens -- Peter Philips, Sarum Consort, Andrew Mackay -- Philips: Cantiones Sacrae Quinis et Octonibus Vocibus (Antwerp 1612 & 1613)
Come Again, Sweet Love Doth Now Invite -- John Dowland, Taracea, David Mayoral -- Come Again, Sweet Love Doth Now Invite
Da Ripa : Part III: Nunc Mater exora natum -- Heringman -- Josquin des Prez Lute Settings
Deo gratias -- Johannes Ockeghem, Huelgas Ensemble, Paul Van Nevel -- Utopia Triumphans: The Great Polyphony of the Renaissance
Dowland: Lachrimae, or Seven Tears: No. 2, Lachrimae antiquae -- John Dowland, Jupiter, Thomas Dunford -- Dowland: Lachrimae antiquae
Du tout plongiet/Fors seulement -- Antoine Brumel, The Clerks' Group, Edward Wickham -- Ockeghem: Requiem / Missa Fors seulement
Eccles: The Mad Lover: V. Aire. Ground (Arr. Diluka for Piano) -- John Eccles, Shani Diluka -- Eccles: The Mad Lover: V. Aire. Ground
Eran ninfe e pastori -- Alessandro Striggio, The King's Singers -- Il Trionfo di Dori
Fantasy For 2 Trebles And Bass (From "The Broken Consort") -- Matthew Locke, John Holloway, Monika Baer, Martin Zeller -- Pavans And Fantasies From The Age Of Dowland
Green Garters -- Anonymous, The Musicians of Swanne Alley -- The Sound of Shakespeare
Grimstock -- Anonymous, The Musicians of Swanne Alley -- The Sound of Shakespeare
If Ye Love Me -- Thomas Tallis, The Cambridge Singers, John Rutter -- Faire Is the Heaven: Music Of the English Church
Il bianco e dolce cigno: Il bianco e dolce cigno -- Jacques Arcadelt, Laudantes Consort, Guy Janssens -- The Golden Age of European Polyphony
Image of Melancholy -- Anthony Holborne, Bjarte Eike, Barokksolistene -- The Image of Melancholy
In ieiunio et fletu -- Thomas Tallis, The Gesualdo Six, Owain Park -- Lux aeterna: A Sequence for the Souls of the Departed
In natali Domini (a 4) -- Michael Praetorius, Viva-Voce -- Praetorius, M.: Puer Natus in Bethlehem (Renaissance Christmas Music)
In nomine: Rachell’s Weepinge -- Christopher Tye, The Spirit of Gambo, Freek Borstlap -- Tye: Consort Music - In nomine
Intabolatura de lauto, Book 4: Calata ala spagnola -- Joan Ambrosio Dalza, Christopher Wilson -- Early Venetian Lute Music
Intabolatura de lauto: Ricercar No. 4 (Fantasia) -- Francesco da Milano, Paul O'Dette -- Da Milano: Intabolatura de lauto
Intemerata Dei mater -- Johannes Ockeghem, Oxford Camerata, Jeremy Summerly -- Renaissance Masterpieces
Io piango o filli, madrigal à 5 -- Giovanni de Macque, Huelgas Ensemble, Paul Van Nevel -- Io piango o filli, madrigal à 5
Je me complains piteusement -- Guillaume Dufay, Blue Heron, Scott Metcalfe -- Dufay: Motets
La Magdalena -- Pierre Attaingnant, Hopkinson Smith -- Pierre Attaingnant
Lachrimae -- John Dowland, Elizabeth Kenny, Theatre of Early Music -- Theatre Of Early Music: Love Bade Me Welcome - Songs and Poetry From the Renaissance
Lachrimae Antiquae -- Hespèrion XXI, Jordi Savall -- John Dowland: Lachrimae or Seaven Teares
Lagrime di San Pietro: V. Giovane donna il suo bel volto in specchio -- Orlande de Lassus, Gallicantus, Gabriel Crouch -- Lassus: Lagrime Di San Pietro
Liturgia de Pascua en el Madrid de los Austrias / Ad Vesperas: Himnus: Ad caenam Agni providi [Ad Vesperas] -- Tomás Luis de Victoria, Ensemble Plus Ultra, Michael Noone -- Victoria – Splendor of the Renaissance
Lute Music - England: Melancholy Galliard -- John Dowland, Julian Bream -- John Dowland - The Essentials
Lute Music - England: Orlando sleepeth -- John Dowland, Julian Bream -- John Dowland - The Essentials
Magi videntes stellam à 5 -- Blasius Amon, Huelgas Ensemble, Paul Van Nevel -- Magi videntes stellam à 5
Masses, Book 2, Missa Papae Marcelli: Kyrie -- Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, Oxford Camerata, Jeremy Summerly -- Palestrina: Missa Papae Marcelli
Mille regretz -- Josquin des Prez, Dudok Quartet Amsterdam -- Solitude: Mendelssohn, Weinberg & Shostakovich
Missa l'homme armé super voces musicales: Agnus Dei -- A Sei Voci, Bernard Fabre-Garrus, Maîtrise des Pays de Loire, Bertrand Lermaire -- Josquin Desprez - Volume 2
Missa Nunca Fue Pena Major: Agnus Dei -- Francisco de Peñalosa, Concentus Musicus Minnesota, Arthur Maud -- Court and Cathedral: The Two Worlds of Francisco de Penalosa
Missa prolationum, Kyrie: Kyrie eleison I -- Johannes Ockeghem, The Hilliard Ensemble, Paul Hillier -- Ockeghem : Requiem, Missa "Mi-Mi", Missa Prolationum
Missa, "In myne zin": Agnus Dei: Agnus I -- Alexander Agricola, A:N:S Chorus, Janos Bali -- Agricola: Missa Malheur Me Bat / Missa In Minen Zin
Morley: Now is the Month of Maying -- Thomas Morley, The King's Singers, Anthony Rooley -- Madrigal History Tour
Nigra sum sed formosa II -- Jean L'héritier, The Choir of King's College London, Gareth Wilson -- In Memoriam
Nunc dimittis -- Josquin des Prez, Oxford Camerata, Jeremy Summerly -- Renaissance Masterpieces
O Bone Iesu -- Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, Sistine Chapel Choir, Massimo Palombella -- Palestrina
O magnum mysterium -- Tomás Luis de Victoria, The Cambridge Singers, John Rutter -- Cambridge Singers Christmas Album
Obsecro te -- Josquin des Prez, Ariel Abramovich, Lee Santana -- Secret History
Ockeghem: Missa pro defunctis: I. Requiem aeternam -- Johannes Ockeghem, The Hilliard Ensemble, Paul Hillier -- Ockeghem : Requiem, Missa "Mi-Mi", Missa Prolationum
Pavan -- Orlando Gibbons, The Rose Consort Of Viols -- Gibbons: Consort and Keyboard Music / Songs and Anthems
Pavana -- Anonymous, Shirley Rumsey, Christopher Wilson -- Early Venetian Lute Music
Pavane, Gaillarde & Branle de Champagne -- Claude Gervaise, Enrike Solinís, Euskal Barrokensemble -- Juan Sebastian Elkano
Pergolesi: Stabat Mater: I. Stabat mater dolorosa -- Giovanni Battista Pergolesi, Philippe Jaroussky, I Barocchisti, Julia Lezhneva, Diego Fasolis -- Pergolesi: Stabat Mater, Laudate pueri & Confitebor
Por Las Sierras De Madrid -- Francisco de Peñalosa, Jordi Savall -- El Cancionero De Palacio
Pseaumes de David, Livre 2: No. 30, Resveillez-vous, chacun fidèle -- Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, Unknown, Cappella Amsterdam, Daniel Reuss -- Sweelinck: Psalms & Magnificat
Recercare -- Francesco Spinacino, Robert Meunier -- Vergine Bella - Italian Renaissance Music
Regina caeli laetare -- Francisco Guerrero, RIAS Kammerchor, Justin Doyle -- Regina caeli laetare
Requiem: Kyrie -- Johannes Ockeghem, Musica Ficta, Bo Holten -- Ockeghem: Requiem / Missa Prolationum
Responsories for Maundy Thursday Nocturn 2: I. Amicus meus osculi me tradidit signa -- Tomás Luis de Victoria, Tenebrae, Nigel Short -- Tomás Luis De Victoria: Tenebrae Responsories
Si du malheur -- Orlande de Lassus, Ensemble Clément Janequin, Dominique Visse -- Lassus: Chansons
Sicut lilium -- Antoine Brumel, Choir of Jesus College, Cambridge, Mark Williams -- My Beloved's Voice: Sacred Songs of Love
Sing we and chaunt it -- Robert Lucas Pearsall, Pre-Raphaelite Singer, The, Anthony Rooley -- Robert Lucas Pearsall: Lay a Garland
Sonata "La Follia" Op. 1 n. 12 RV 63 -- Antonio Vivaldi, Jordi Savall, Hespèrion XXI -- Altre Follie (1500-1750)
Suite No. 1 in C Major: II. Spagnoletta -- Michael Praetorius, The New York Renaissance Band, Sally Logemann -- Praetorius: Terpsichore - Suites Nos. 1-4
Tallis: Spem in Alium - 1. Spem in Alium -- The Tallis Scholars, Peter Phillips -- Spem in Alium - The Tallis Scholars Sing Thomas Tallis (With 3 Bonus Tracks)
Tallis: Spem in Alium - 3. Respice -- The Tallis Scholars, Peter Phillips -- Spem in Alium - The Tallis Scholars Sing Thomas Tallis (With 3 Bonus Tracks)
Tenebrae Responsories, Feria quinta: II. Tristis est anima mea -- Carlo Gesualdo, Philippe Herreweghe, Collegium Vocale Gent -- Gesualdo: Responsoria 1611
The King of Denmarks Delight -- Tobias Hume, Jordi Savall -- Hume: Poeticall Musicke
The Shoemaker's Wife. A Toy, P 58 -- John Dowland, Paul O'Dette -- My favorite Dowland
This Is the record of John -- Orlando Gibbons, University of California Chamber Chorus, John Butt -- Gibbons, O.: Anthems / Instrumental Music
Tout par compas suy composés -- Baude Cordier, Ferrara Ensemble, Crawford Young -- Figures of Harmony: Songs of Codex Chantilly c. 1390
Tout par compas, Fol. 12 (Rondeau/Canon) -- Baude Cordier, Tetraktys -- Codex Chantilly III - Bibliothèque du Château de Chantilly, Ms. 564
Trio in E-Flat Major: II. Andantino -- Bernhard Joachim Hagen, Miguel Rincón, Il Pomo D'oro -- Hagen: Trio in E-Flat Major: II. Andantino
Veu que du tout (Ps. 11) -- Paschal de l'Estocart, Dominique Visse, Ensemble Clément Janequin -- Chansons et psaumes de la réforme
Virgo prudentissima -- Hilaire Penet, Pomerium, Alexander Blachly -- Musical Book of Hours
