Opera Classics
Masterpieces from the world of opera.

Adams: The Death of Klinghoffer, Prologue: Chorus of Exiled Palestinians -- John Adams, Kent Nagano, The Opera De Lyon, London Opera Chorus -- John Adams: The Death Of Klinghoffer
Aniara, Act II Scene 4: Jag anar dödens skugga … -- Karl-Birger Blomdahl, Lena Hoel, Viveca Anderberg, Erik Saeden, Jerker Arvidson, Bjorn Haugan, Stefan Parkman, Mikael Samuelson, Thomas Sunnegardh, Radio Chorus, Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Stig Westerberg -- Aniara
Bellini: Norma, Act 1: "Casta diva" (Norma, Coro) -- Vincenzo Bellini, Maria Callas, Coro Del Teatro Alla Scala Di Milano, Tullio Serafin, Orchestra Del Teatro Alla Scala, Milano -- Maria Callas Sings Bellini
Betrothal in a Monastery, Op. 86, Act I, Tableau 1, Scene 8: "Друзья, уходите" -- Sergei Prokofiev, Mira Mendelson-Prokofieva, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Anatoly Mishchevsky, Kemal Abdullayev, Orchestra of the Stanislavski and Nemirovich-Danchenko Music Theatre -- Prokofiev: Betrothal in a Monastery
Bizet: Carmen, WD 31, Act 1: Habanera. "L'amour est un oiseau rebelle" (Carmen, Chœur) -- Georges Bizet, Michel Plasson, Angela Gheorghiu, Les Éléments, Orchestre National Du Capitole De Toulouse -- Bizet: Carmen
Bizet: Les pêcheurs de perles, Act 1: "Au fond du temple saint" (Nadir, Zurga) -- Georges Bizet, Carlo Rizzi, Orchestra of Welsh National Opera -- 40 Most Beautiful Arias
Bluebeard's Castle: VI. Fifth Door - Bluebeard's Vast and Beautiful Kingdom -- Béla Bartók, Elena Zhidkova, Willard White, Valery Gergiev, London Symphony Orchestra -- Bartók: Bluebeard's Castle
Britten: The Turn of the Screw, Op. 54, Act 1: The Tower. "How Beautiful It Is" (Governess) -- Benjamin Britten, Daniel Harding, Jane Henschel, Mahler Chamber Orchestra -- Britten: The Turn of the Screw
Carmen / Act 2: Toreador Song: "Votre toast, je peux vous le rendre" (from Carmen / Act 2) -- Georges Bizet, Bryn Terfel, London Symphony Orchestra, Barry Wordsworth -- Bryn Terfel sings Favourites
Carmen, Act I: Seguidilla. Près des remparts de Séville -- Georges Bizet, Aigul Akhmetshina, Freddie De Tommaso, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, Daniele Rustioni -- Bizet: Carmen, Act I: Seguidilla. Près des remparts de Séville
Catalani: La Wally, Act 1: "Ebben? Ne andrò lontana" (Wally) -- Alfredo Catalani, Maria Callas, Tullio Serafin, Philharmonia Orchestra -- Callas sings Operatic Arias - Callas Remastered
Cavalleria rusticana: "Voi lo sapete, o mamma" -- Pietro Mascagni, Elina Garanca, Orquestra de la Comunitat Valenciana, Roberto Abbado -- Revive
Cavalleria rusticana: Mamma, quel vino è generoso - Live at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, 1995 -- Pietro Mascagni, Luciano Pavarotti, BBC Philharmonic, Leone Magiera -- Mascagni: Cavalleria rusticana: Mamma, quel vino è generoso (Live at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, 1995)
Der fliegende Hollander: Act II Scene 4: Johohoe! Traft ihr das Schiff im Meere an (Senta) -- Richard Wagner, Anja Kampe, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Andris Nelsons -- Wagner: Der fliegende Holländer
Dido and Aeneas, Z.626 / Act 3: "Thy Hand Belinda - When I Am Laid In Earth" -- Henry Purcell, Catherine Bott, Academy of Ancient Music, Christopher Hogwood -- Purcell: Dido & Aeneas
Die lustige Witwe (The Merry Widow) (2000 - Remaster): XIV. Lippen schweigen (Danilo/Hanna) -- Franz Lehár, Eberhard Waechter/Elisabeth Schwarzkopf/Philharmonia Orchestra/Lovro von Matacic, Eberhard Waechter, Lovro Von Matacic, Philharmonia Orchestra -- Lehár: Die Lustige Witwe
Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, WWV 96 / Act 3: "Selig, wie die Sonne" -- Richard Wagner, Norman Bailey, Hannelore Bode, René Kollo, Adolfo Dallapozza, Julia Hamari, Wiener Philharmoniker, Sir Georg Solti -- Wagner: Die Meistersinger Von Nurnberg (4 CDs)
Die tote Stadt, Op. 12, Act I Scene 5: Gluck, das mir verblieb (Marietta, Paul) -- Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Klaus Florian Vogt, Tatiana Pavlovskaya, Michael Nagy, Hedwig Fassbender, Anna Ryberg, Jenny Carlstedt, Julian Prégardien, Hans-Jurgen Lazar, Chor der Oper Frankfurt, Frankfurt Opera Children's Chorus, Frankfurter Opern- und Museumsorchester, Sebastian Weigle -- Korngold: Die tote Stadt
Die Zauberflöte, K. 620: Overture -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Mahler Chamber Orchestra, Claudio Abbado -- Mozart: Die Zauberflöte
Don Giovanni, K. 527: Overture -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Le Concert de la Loge, Julien Chauvin -- Mozart: Piano Concerto No. 23, Symphony No. 40 & Don Giovanni Overture
Don Giovanni, K.527 / Act 1: "Là ci darem la mano" -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Cecilia Bartoli, Bryn Terfel, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Myung-Whun Chung -- Mozart Collection
Donizetti: La fille du régiment, Act 1: "Ah ! Mes amis, quel jour de fête!" - "Pour mon âme" (Tonio, Chœur) -- Gaetano Donizetti, Michael Spyres, Choeur de l'Opéra national du Rhin, Marko Letonja, Orchestre Philharmonique De Strasbourg -- Baritenor
Donizetti: Lamento per la morte di Bellini "Venne sull'ali ai zeffiri" -- Gaetano Donizetti, Ermonela Jaho, Carlo Rizzi -- Donizetti: Lamento per la morte di Bellini “Venne sull’ali ai zeffiri”
Donizetti: Non v'è nume, non v'è fato -- Gaetano Donizetti, Nicola Alaimo, Carlo Rizzi -- Donizetti: Non v'è nume, non v'è fato
Eugene Onegin, Op.24, TH.5 / Act 1: Letter scene. "Puskai pogilabnu ya, no pryezhde" -- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Nuccia Focile, Orchestre de Paris, Semyon Bychkov -- Tchaikovsky: Eugene Onegin (2 CDs)
Fidelio, Op. 72: Overture -- Ludwig van Beethoven, Wolfgang Glashof, Hungarian Radio Chorus, Nicolaus Esterhazy Sinfonia, Michael Halasz, Alan Titus, Gösta Winbergh, Inga Nielsen, Kurt Moll, Edith Lienbacher, Herwig Pecoraro, Péter Pálinkás, József Moldvay -- Beethoven: Fidelio
Gianni Schicchi: "O mio babbino caro" -- Giacomo Puccini, Renée Fleming, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Sir Charles Mackerras -- The Art Of Renée Fleming
Giordano: Andrea Chénier, Act 3: "La mamma morta" (Maddalena) -- Umberto Giordano, Maria Callas, Tullio Serafin, Philharmonia Orchestra -- Pure - Maria Callas
Giulio Cesare in Egitto, HWV 17, Act III Scene 1: Flow, my tears (Cleopatra) [Sung in English] -- George Frideric Handel, Janet Baker, English National Opera Orchestra, Sir Charles Mackerras, Christopher Booth-Jones, Sarah Walker, Della Jones, Valerie Masterson, James Bowman, John Tomlinson, David James, English National Opera Chorus -- Handel: Giulio Cesare in Egitto (Julius Caesar) (Sung in English)
Gounod: Faust, Act 1: Valse et chœur. "Ne permettrez-vous pas" (Faust, Méphistophélès, Marguerite, Siébel, Chœur) -- Charles Gounod, Carlo Rizzi, Cecilia Gasdia, Jerry Hadley, Samuel Ramey, Susanne Mentzer, Welsh National Opera Chorus, Welsh National Opera Orchestra -- Gounod: Faust
Gounod: Roméo et Juliette, Act 1: Ballade. "Mab, la reine des mensonges" (Mercutio) -- Charles Gounod, Huw Montague Rendall, Ben Glassberg, Opéra Orchestre Normandie Rouen -- Contemplation - Gounod: Roméo et Juliette: Ballade de la reine Mab
Guillaume Tell: Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Prague Sinfonia, Christian Benda -- Rossini: Complete Overtures, Vol. 2
Handel: Serse, HWV 40, Act 1: Arioso. "Ombra mai fù" (Serse) -- George Frideric Handel, Les Arts Florissants, William Christie, Anne Sofie von Otter -- Handel: Serse, HWV 40
Hindemith: Mathis der Maler, Bild 6: "Der liebste Vater, er verstand mich" (Regina, Mathis) -- Paul Hindemith, Rafael Kubelík, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Urszula Koszut, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra -- Hindemith: Mathis der Maler
Idomeneo, K. 366, Atto II Scena 2: No. 11, Aria "Se il padre perdei" (Ilia) -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Sunhae Im, René Jacobs, Freiburger Barockorchester -- Mozart: Idomeneo
Il Re Pastore - Aria: Barbaro! Oh Dio! Mi Vedi -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Sandrine Piau, Freiburger Barockorchester -- Mozart: Opera Arias
Il re pastore, K. 208, Act I Scene 3: Si spande al sole in faccia -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Juan Diego Flórez, Orchestra La Scintilla, Riccardo Minasi -- Mozart
Il Trovatore / Act 3: "Di quella pira" -- Giuseppe Verdi, Joseph Calleja, Angela Gheorghiu, Apollo Voices, Orquestra de la Comunitat Valenciana, Ramón Tebar -- Joseph Calleja - Verdi
Jenufa / Act 2: Co chvila ... co chvila -- Leoš Janáček, Eva Randová, Wiener Philharmoniker, Sir Charles Mackerras -- Janácek: Jenufa (2 CDs)
Kullervo, Op. 61, Act I Scene 2: "Minä tahdon olla tuoksuva ja lämmin kuin nuori leipä..." -- Aulis Sallinen, Jorma Hynninen, Eeva-Liisa Saarinen, Matti Salminen, Jorma Silvasti, Satu Vihavainen, Anna-Lisa Jakobsson, Pertti Makela, Juha Kotilainen, Paula Etelavuori, Marko Putkonen, Matti Heinikari, Esa Ruuttunen, Vesa-Matti Loiri, Finnish National Opera Chorus, Finnish National Opera Orchestra, Ulf Söderblom -- Sallinen, A.: Kullervo [Opera]
L'elisir d'amore / Act 2: "Una furtiva lagrima...Eccola!" -- Gaetano Donizetti, Luciano Pavarotti, Dame Joan Sutherland, English Chamber Orchestra, Richard Bonynge -- Donizetti: L'Elisir d'Amore (2 CDs)
La Bohème / Act 1: "O soave fanciulla" -- Giacomo Puccini, José Carreras, Katia Ricciarelli, Orchestra of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, Sir Colin Davis -- Puccini: La Bohème
La Bohème / Act 1: "Sì. Mi chiamano Mimì" -- Giacomo Puccini, Pumeza Matshikiza, Aarhus Symfoniorkester, Tobias Ringborg -- Arias
La bohème, Act I: Che gelida manina -- Giacomo Puccini, Freddie De Tommaso, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Edward Gardner -- Puccini: La bohème, Act I: Che gelida manina
La bohème, Act I: Che gelida manina -- Giacomo Puccini, Luciano Pavarotti, Berliner Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Pavarotti - The Greatest Hits
La forza del destino: Overture (Sinfonia) -- Giuseppe Verdi, Berliner Philharmoniker, Claudio Abbado -- Verdi: Overtures & Preludes
La Gioconda, Op. 9: Cielo e mar! -- Amilcare Ponchielli, Jonathan Tetelman, Orquesta Filarmónica de Gran Canaria, Karel Mark Chichon -- Ponchielli: La Gioconda, Op. 9: Cielo e mar!
La Girometta - Live at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, 1995 -- Gabriele Sibella, Luciano Pavarotti, BBC Philharmonic, Leone Magiera -- Sibella: La Girometta (Live at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, 1995)
La Traviata / Act 1: "Libiamo ne'lieti calici" -- Giuseppe Verdi, Ileana Cotrubas, Plácido Domingo, Chor der Bayerischen Staatsoper München, Bavarian State Orchestra, Carlos Kleiber -- Verdi: La Traviata
Lakmé / Act 1: "Viens, Mallika, ... Dôme épais" -- Léo Delibes, Dame Joan Sutherland, Jane Berbié, Monte-Carlo Philharmonic Orchestra, Richard Bonynge -- Delibes: Lakmé
Lakmé / Flower Duet: Dôme épais le jasmin ... Sous le dôme épais -- Léo Delibes, Nadine Sierra, Pretty Yende, Les Frivolités Parisiennes, Giacomo Sagripanti -- Delibes: Lakmé / Flower Duet: Dôme épais le jasmin ... Sous le dôme épais
Le nozze di Figaro, K. 492: Overture -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Glyndebourne Festival Orchestra, Vittorio Gui -- The Marriage of Figaro
Les Contes d'Hoffmann, Act III: Entr'acte (Orchestra)...Belle nuite, ô nuit d'amour : Barcarolle (Une voix/Giulietta/Chorus) -- Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Orchestre De La Société Des Concerts Du Conservatoire, André Cluytens, Choeurs Rene Duclos -- Offenbach : Les Contes d'Hoffmann
Les Troyens: Act V, No. 38 - “Vallon Sonore” -- Hector Berlioz, Sir Colin Davis, London Symphony Orchestra -- Berlioz: Les Troyens
Les vêpres siciliennes, The Four Seasons: L'hiver -- Giuseppe Verdi, Munich Radio Orchestra, Ivan Repušić -- Verdi: Les vêpres siciliennes
Lohengrin, Act III Scene 3: Tale of the Grail: In fernem Land, unnahbar euren Schritten …(Lohengrin, the King, Men, Women) -- Richard Wagner, Günther Groissböck, Klaus Florian Vogt, Annette Dasch, Gerd Grochowski, Susanne Resmark, Markus Brück, Rundfunkchor Berlin, Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra, Marek Janowski -- Wagner: Lohengrin
Madama Butterfly, Act II: Coro a bocca chiusa "Humming Chorus" -- Giacomo Puccini, Wiener Staatsopernchor, Wiener Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Puccini: Madama Butterfly
Madama Butterfly, Act II: Un bel dì vedremo -- Giacomo Puccini, Mirella Freni, Wiener Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Puccini: Madama Butterfly
Madama Butterfly, SC 74, Act II: Addio fiorito asil -- Giacomo Puccini, Freddie De Tommaso, Philharmonia Orchestra, Paolo Arrivabeni -- Puccini: Madama Butterfly, SC 74, Act II: Addio fiorito asil
Manon Lescaut / Act 2: "In quelle trine morbide" -- Giacomo Puccini, Anna Netrebko, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Antonio Pappano -- Puccini: Manon Lescaut / Act 2, "In quelle trine morbide"
Manon Lescaut, Act I: Donna non vidi mai -- Giacomo Puccini, Freddie De Tommaso, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Edward Gardner -- Puccini
Meyerbeer: Les Huguenots: Et maintenant je dois offrir - Act Two -- Giacomo Meyerbeer, Rita Shane, Nicolai Gedda, Jeanette Scovotti, Radio Austria Chorus, Dimiter Petkov, Pedro Farres, Justino Diaz, Enriqueta Tarres, Ernst Märzendorfer -- Les Huguenots
Mignon, Act II: Introduction et récit-cantabile. Elle est là, près de lui -- Ambroise Thomas, Eva Zaïcik, Orchestre National de Lille, Pierre Dumoussaud -- Rebelle
Mozart: Die Zauberflöte, K. 620, Act 2: Queen of the Night Aria. "Der Hölle Rache kocht in meinem Herzen" (Königin) -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Diana Damrau, Le Cercle De L'Harmonie, Jérémie Rhorer -- Mozart, Righini, Salieri: Arie di bravura
Mozart: Le nozze di Figaro, K. 492, Act 2: Arietta. "Voi che sapete" (Cherubino) -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Joyce DiDonato, Kazushi Ono, Orchestre De L'Opéra National De Lyon -- ReJOYCE!
Orfeo ed Euridice: "Act III, Scene 1, Orfeo: Che farò senza Euridice? " -- Christoph Willibald Gluck, René Jacobs, Freiburger Barockorchester, RIAS Kammerchor -- Gluck: Orfeo ed Euridice
Overture -- Georges Bizet, Herbert von Karajan, Wiener Philharmoniker -- Herbert Von Karajan - Carmen
Pagliacci, Act I: Recitar! – Vesti la giubba -- Ruggero Leoncavallo, Luciano Pavarotti, National Philharmonic Orchestra, Giuseppe Patanè -- Leoncavallo: Pagliacci
Palestrina, WoO17, Pt. 3, Scene 1: Wie lange sie bleiben (Choristers/Palestrina/Ighino) -- Hans Pfitzner, Staatskapelle Dresden, Peter Schreier, Carola Nossek, Heinz Reeh, Olaf Bär, Peter Menz, Peter Bindszus, Dario Süss -- Pfitzner: Palestrina
Pelléas et Mélisande, L.88 / Act 3: "Mes longs cheveux descendent" -- Claude Debussy, Francois Le Roux, Maria Ewing, Wiener Philharmoniker, Claudio Abbado -- Debussy: Pelléas et Mélisande (2 CDs)
Porgy and Bess / Act 1: "Summertime" -- George Gershwin, Barbara Hendricks, James Vincent Pickens, Francois Clemmons, Arthur Thompson, Florence Quivar, Samuel Hagan, Christopher Deane, The Cleveland Orchestra Chorus, The Cleveland Orchestra, Lorin Maazel -- Gershwin: Porgy & Bess
Péchés de vieillesse / Vol. III: Tirana pour deux voix (Les amants de Séville) -- Gioachino Rossini, Rolando Villazón, Cecilia Bartoli, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, Marco Armiliato -- Rossini: Péchés de vieillesse / Vol. III, Tirana pour deux voix (Les amants de Séville)
Rigoletto, Atto III, Canzone: "La donna è mobile" -- Giuseppe Verdi, Jonas Kaufmann, Pier Giorgio Morandi, Parma Opera Orchestra -- The Verdi Album
Rinaldo, HWV 7: Lascia ch'io pianga -- George Frideric Handel, Samuel Mariño, Covent Garden Sinfonia, Ben Palmer -- Handel: Rinaldo, HWV 7: Lascia ch'io pianga
Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia, Act I: "Largo al factotum" (Figaro) -- Gioachino Rossini, Michael Spyres, Marko Letonja, Orchestre Philharmonique De Strasbourg -- Baritenor - Rossini: Il Barbiere di Siviglia: "Largo al factotum" (Figaro)
Rossini: Tancredi, Act 1: "Oh patria!... Tu che accendi questo core... Di tanti palpiti" (Tancredi) -- Gioachino Rossini, Marie-Nicole Lemieux, Enrique Mazzola, Orchestre national de Montpellier Occitanie -- Rossini: Opera Arias & Duets (Live)
Strauss, R: Der Rosenkavalier, Op. 59, Act III: "Marie Theres'! Hab' mir's gelobt" (Octavian, Marschallin, Sophie) -- Richard Strauss, Elisabeth Schwarzkopf, Christa Ludwig, Teresa Stich-Randall, Herbert von Karajan, Philharmonia Orchestra -- Strauss: Der Rosenkavalier
Tannhäuser - Paris Version / Act 3: "O du, mein holder Abendstern" -- Richard Wagner, Andreas Schmidt, Philharmonia Orchestra, Giuseppe Sinopoli -- Wagner: Tannhäuser (3 CDs)
Tannhäuser, Act II: Dich, teure Halle, grüss ich wieder "Elisabeth's Greeting" -- Richard Wagner, Lise Davidsen, Philharmonia Orchestra, Esa-Pekka Salonen -- Richard Strauss: Four Last Songs / Wagner: Arias from Tannhäuser
The Barber of Seville: Overture -- Gioachino Rossini, Leonard Bernstein, New York Philharmonic -- Rossini - Ouvertures
The Bartered Bride, JB 1:100, B. 131, Act I Scene 5: Introduction. Polka - Take your partners for the polka (Chorus) -- Bedřich Smetana, Neal Davies, Yvette Bonner, Kit Hesketh-Harvey, Louis Hill, Ravi Shar, Royal Opera House Chorus, Covent Garden, Philharmonia Orchestra, Sir Charles Mackerras, Yvonne Howard, Susan Gritton, Geoffrey Moses, Diana Montague, Timothy Robinson, Paul Charles Clarke, Peter Rose, Robin Leggate -- Smetana: Bartered Bride (The) (Sung in English)
The Wreckers: Overture -- Dame Ethel Smyth, Sakari Oramo, BBC Symphony Orchestra -- Smyth: Mass in D & Overture to The Wreckers
Thomas, Act I: Soma, Soma … (Chorus, Thomas) -- Einojuhani Rautavaara, Jorma Hynninen, Peter Lindroos, Matti Piipponen, Sini Rautavaara, Marko Putkonen, Antti Suhonen, Anssi Hirvonen, Hannu Sokka, Jaakko Hietikko, Anitta Juhala-Jolkkonen, Joensuu Music School Choir, Savonlinna Festival Opera Choir, Joensuu City Orchestra, Pekka Haapasalo -- Rautavaara: Thomas
Tosca / Act 2: "Vissi d'arte, vissi d'amore" -- Giacomo Puccini, Leontyne Price, Giuseppe Taddei, Wiener Philharmoniker, Herbert von Karajan -- Puccini: Tosca
Tosca Symphonic Suite -- Carlo Rizzi, Giacomo Puccini, Welsh National Opera Orchestra -- Puccini Symphonic Suites: In New Editions by Carlo Rizzi
Tosca, SC 69: Mario Cavaradossi? ... E lucevan le stelle -- Giacomo Puccini, Jonathan Tetelman, Önay Köse, PKF – Prague Philharmonia, Carlo Rizzi -- Puccini: Tosca, SC 69: Mario Cavaradossi? ... E lucevan le stelle
Tosca: Il Bacio di Tosca (Symphonic Epilogue of Act II) - Instrumental Only -- Giacomo Puccini, Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia, Daniel Harding -- Puccini: Tosca: Il Bacio di Tosca (Symphonic Epilogue of Act II) [Instrumental Only]
Turandot / Act 3: Nessun dorma! -- Giacomo Puccini, Luciano Pavarotti, Tom Krause, Pier Francesco Poli, Piero de Palma, John Alldis Choir, London Philharmonic Orchestra, Zubin Mehta -- Puccini: Turandot
Verdi: Il trovatore, Act 4: "D'amor sull'ali rosee" (Leonora) -- Giuseppe Verdi, Antonio Pappano, Angela Gheorghiu, London Symphony Orchestra -- Verdi: Il trovatore
Wagner: Lohengrin: "Mein lieber Schwan" (Lohengrin) -- Richard Wagner, Michael Spyres, Christophe Rousset, Les Talens Lyriques -- In the Shadows
Werther: "Pourquoi me réveiller, ô souffle du printemps?" -- Jules Massenet, Luciano Pavarotti, National Philharmonic Orchestra, Oliviero de Fabritiis -- Verismo Recital
