Carnatic Instrumental
Instrumental selections from the South Indian school of music.

Alaap & Melody: Ragaabheri (Rupaka - Aditala) / Raga Bhimplasi (Ektaal - Teentaal) -- Kadri Gopalnath, V Narasinhalu Wadvati -- Jugalbandi
Ananda Nadamadum Tillai Sankara -- L. Shankar -- Who's To Know - Indian Classical Music
Annapoorne Visalakshi (Raga: Sama; Tala: Adi) -- Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar -- Annapoorne Visalakshi - Sikkil Mala Chandrasekhar
Ayarpadi -- Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Veena Gana Murali
Ayigiri Nandini -- Tyagaraja, K. S. G. Somanathan -- Mangala Naadaswaram - For Marriages And Auspicious Functions
Between the Lines -- Apoorva Krishna, Vijay Prakash, Perico Sambeat, Eve Matin, Vinod Shyam, Patrick Duke Graney -- Only Love is Real
Bhagyada Lakshmi Baramma - Instrumental -- Veena Srivani -- Bhagyada Lakshmi Baramma (Instrumental) - Single
Bho Shambho - Instrumental -- Phani Narayana -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Brochevarevarurar -- A. Kanyakumari -- Strings Of Harmony - Violin On 3 Octaves
Charukesi (Violin Solo) -- Apoorva Krishna -- Apoorva Thillanas
Chinnanchiru Kiliye -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Chitrambari -- Jeyaraaj & Jaysri -- Anandam Anantam - A journey into Tanam - Veena
Endharo Mahanubhavulu - Sri - Adi -- Flute J A Jayant -- Pancharatna Kritis - A Flute Duet
Enna Thavam Seithanai - Instrumental -- Ramachandra Murthy -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Ghana Ragamalika Tanam -- Doraiswamy Iyengar -- The Best of Carnatic Instrumental
Gnana Vinayakane Gambheera Natai Adi Papanasam Sivan Saxopho -- Kadri Gopalnath -- South Indian Classical Music
Hamir Kalyani (Violin Solo) -- Apoorva Krishna -- Apoorva Thillanas
Himagirithanaye - Sudhadhanyasi - Adi -- Tripunithura Krishnadas, Balakrishna Kamath, Manjoor Renjith, Gopinatha Prabhu -- Edakka Kacheri
Jagadhanandha karaka - Nattai - Adi -- Flute J A Jayant -- Pancharatna Kritis - A Flute Duet
Jagadhodharana -- Anayampatti Ganesan -- Entharo Mahanu Bhavulu
Jagadodharana (Kadri Gopalnath-Sax) -- Vadya Sangamam -- Vadya Sangamam
Kaakkai Siraginile -- Rajhesh Vaidhya -- Bharatiyaar Songs - Veena
Kandhasashti Kavacham - Instrumental -- Bhavyalakshmi -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Krishna Nee Begane Baro - Instrumental -- Ramachandra Murthy, Sai Madhukar -- Krishna's Flute - Devotional Instrumentals
Krishnanee Begane - Ragam: Yaman / Talam: Mishra Chapu (Purandaradasa) -- Lalgudi G. Jayaraman -- Golden Music Golden Years - Lalgudi G. Jayaraman - Volume 2
Kriti: Padavini with Vina and Mrdangam -- Trichy Sankaran -- Laya Vinyas
Kurai Onrum Illai - Ragamalika - Adi (Live) -- Kadri Gopalnath, Haridwaramangalam A.K. Palanivel -- Chinnajiru Kiliye (Live)
Maha Ganapathim - Instrumental -- A. Kanyakumari -- This is Carnatic Fusion, Vol. 5
Maha Ganapathim Nata Chatusraekam - original -- Dikshithar, Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Blissful Veena (original)
Mahishasura Mardini Stotra - Revathi - Adi - Instrumental -- Kishore Kumar, Sai Madhukar -- Mood Music - Devotional Instrumentals of South India
Manasa Sancharare -- Phani Narayana -- Mood Music - Cool Carnatic Instrumentals
Meevalla -- E. Gayathri -- Veena (Carnatic Classical) Vol. 2
Merging Parallels- Tribute to Dear Zakir Ji -- Apoorva Krishna, Varijashree Venugopal, Aleif Hamdan, Sunaad Anoor, Bruthuva Caleb -- Only Love is Real
Nadhatanumanisam -- A. Kanyakumari -- Strings Of Harmony - Violin On 3 Octaves
Nagavulu Nijamani - Instrumental -- Ramachandra Murthy -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Nagumomu - Abheri -- Tyagaraja, K. S. G. Somanathan -- Mangala Naadaswaram - For Marriages And Auspicious Functions
Nravadhi Sugadha -- T.N. Rajarathnam Pillai -- Music of India: Traditional and Classical
Pibare Rama Rasam -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Pullanguzhal -- Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Veena Gana Murali
Raagam Keeravani - Aalapanai -- Akkarai Subhalakshmi -- Keeravani - Ragam, Thaanam, Pallavai
Raga Alapana - Version 2 -- T. R. Mahalingam, L. Subramaniam -- Inde du sud : Anthologie de la musique classique (South India)
Raga Bhairavi / Raagam-Taanam -- T. N. Krishnan -- The Carnatic Violin
Raga Karnaranjani -- Ganesh & Kumaresh -- Thillanas: A Confluence Of Rhythm & Melody
Ragam Tanam Pallavi -- U. Srinivas -- Parjanya
Raghuvamsa Sudha (Raga: Kathanakuthuhalam; Tala: Adi) -- Chitti Babu -- Raghuvamsa Sudha Vol.1
Ramabhirama Darbar Misrachappu -- Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan -- South Indian Classical Music
Rangapura Vihara - Vrindavana Saranga - Rupakam -- Kudamaloor Janardanan, H.Kishore, Hari Krishnamoorthy, Vinod Chandra Menon -- Raghava Murali
Rāga: Kharaharapriya / Ālāpana -- Ranganayaki Rajagopalan -- South India: Ranganayaki Rajagopalan—Continuity in the Karaikudi Vina Style
Saadhinchane - Aarabhi -- Flute J A Jayant -- Pancharatna Kritis - A Flute Duet
Sambho Mahaadeva -- D S D Selvarathinam -- Subhamuhurtham - Nadaswaram
Samininne - Sankarabharanam - Adi (Live) -- Karaikudi Sambasiva Iyer, Karaikudi Muthiah Iyer -- Stalwarts (Live)
Sarasuda Varnam (Raga Saveri, Aadi Tala): Jaya Jaya [Raga Nattai, Khanda Chapu Tala] -- Nirmala Rajasekar, Raghavendra Rao, Tanjore K. Murugaboopathi, V. Suresh -- Into the Raga
Seetha Kalyana Vaibhogame -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Senthamizh -- Rajhesh Vaidhya -- Bharatiyaar Songs - Veena
Shriman Narayan - Instrumental -- Kishore Kumar, Ramachandra Murthy -- Divine Melodies - The Greatest Devotional Instrumentals
Sree Mahaganapathim - Atana - Adi -- Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan, Valayapatti A. R. Subramaniam, Kannan -- Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan, Vol. 1
Sri Kantimateem: Kriti -- N. Ravikiran, Mysore Manjunath, Guruvayoor Dorai -- Music from Madras
Sriganesa Thilang Adi -- Tyagaraja, Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Mahathi Melodies
Srikanthimati - Raga Hemavati - Adi -- U. Srinivas, S. D. Shreedhar -- Classical Icons - U. Srinivas
Swara Raga Sankarabharanam Adi Thyagaraja -- Sheik Chinna Moulana -- South Indian Classical Music
Tanam - Bhairavi - Misra Triputa -- Embar Kannan, K.V. Prasad, S. Karthick, N. Ravikiran -- Navaragini
Tandanana - Instrumental -- S. Ballesh -- Soul of South India 2 - Instrumentals of the Greatest Traditional Melodies
Thatwamaria - Reeti Gowla - Adi -- U. Srinivas -- Compositions Of Papanasam Sivam
Thevaram Mangayarkarasi Bowli Adi -- Traditional, Kalaimamani Prabhavathi Ganesan -- Mahathi Melodies
Vallabha Nayakasya - Raga Begada -- N. Ravikiran -- Dikshitar Masterpieces
Varnam - Surutti - Adi -- T. N. Krishnan -- Legendary Solo
Varnam -- Jayanthi Kumaresh -- Veenai Jayanthi Kumaresh
Vasantha (Violin Solo) -- Apoorva Krishna -- Apoorva Thillanas
Vatapi -- V. Suresh, Thiruvarur Bhakthavatsalam, Kadri Gopalnath -- Chidanandam - Kadri Gopalnath Live At Chidambaram
Vatapiganapatim - Hamsadhwani - Adi -- Raghunath Manet, Umayalpuram K. Sivaraman, Subba Lakshmi -- Yal Isai
Vathapi - Hamsadwani - Adi -- Trichy L. Saravanan -- Classical Flute Collections
Vathapi Ganapathim Bhajeham -- Phani Narayana -- Amazing Veena
Vathapi Ganapathim Bhajeham -- Phani Narayana -- Mood Music - Cool Carnatic Instrumentals
Vinayaka: Raag Hamsadhwani - Aadi -- Veena Kuppayyar, Vikku Vinayakram, V. Selvaganesh, V. Umashankar -- Together
White -- Apoorva Krishna, Aman Mahajan, Sunaad Anoor -- Only Love is Real
