This Is Alexisonfire
This is Alexisonfire. The essential tracks, all in one playlist.

.44 Caliber Love Letter -- Alexisonfire -- Alexisonfire
Accidents -- Alexisonfire -- "Watch out!"
Adelleda -- Alexisonfire -- Alexisonfire
Blue Spade -- Alexisonfire -- Otherness
Boiled Frogs -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis
Born and Raised -- Alexisonfire -- Old Crows / Young Cardinals
Charlie Sheen vs. Henry Rollins -- Alexisonfire -- The Switcheroo Series
Committed to the Con -- Alexisonfire -- Otherness
Conditional Love -- Alexisonfire -- Otherness
Control -- Alexisonfire -- "Watch out!"
Counterparts and Number Them -- Alexisonfire -- Alexisonfire
Cuz -- Alexisonfire -- Cuz
Emerald Street -- Alexisonfire -- Old Crows / Young Cardinals
Familiar Drugs -- Alexisonfire -- Familiar Drugs
Fully Completely -- Alexisonfire -- Fully Completely
Happiness by the Kilowatt -- Alexisonfire -- "Watch out!"
Hey, It's Your Funeral Mama -- Alexisonfire -- "Watch out!"
Midnight Regulations -- Alexisonfire -- Old Crows / Young Cardinals
Misogyny -- Alexisonfire -- Misogyny
Neighbourhood Villain -- Alexisonfire -- Copies of Old Masters Vol. 1
No Transitory -- Alexisonfire -- "Watch out!"
Pulmonary Archery -- Alexisonfire -- Alexisonfire
Reverse the Curse -- Alexisonfire -- Otherness
Rough Hands -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis
Sans Soleil -- Alexisonfire -- Otherness
Side Walk When She Walks -- Alexisonfire -- "Watch out!"
Sons of Privilege -- Alexisonfire -- Old Crows / Young Cardinals
Sweet Dreams of Otherness -- Alexisonfire -- Sweet Dreams of Otherness
The Kennedy Curse -- Alexisonfire -- Alexisonfire
The Northern -- Alexisonfire -- Old Crows / Young Cardinals
This Could Be Anywhere in the World -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis
Thrones -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis (Bonus Tracks)
To a Friend -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis
Waterwings (And Other Poolside Fashion Faux Pas) -- Alexisonfire -- Alexisonfire
We Are The End -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis
We Are the Sound -- Alexisonfire -- Crisis
World Stops Turning -- Alexisonfire -- Otherness
Young Cardinals -- Alexisonfire -- Old Crows / Young Cardinals
