This Is Alaina Castillo
This is Alaina Castillo. The essential tracks, all in one playlist.

back to you -- Alaina Castillo -- antisocial butterfly
blink of an eye -- Alaina Castillo -- blink of an eye
bésame mucho - Recorded at Electric Lady Studios NYC -- Alaina Castillo -- Spotify Singles
call me when ur lonely -- Alaina Castillo -- call me when ur lonely
crush -- Alaina Castillo -- crush
down 4 u -- Alaina Castillo -- parallel universe pt. 1
el mensaje -- Alaina Castillo -- mensajes de voz
fantasies -- Alaina Castillo -- fantasies
get better -- Alaina Castillo -- fantasies
hookah envenena -- Alaina Castillo -- hookah envenena
i don't think i love you anymore -- Alaina Castillo -- i don't think i love you anymore
indica -- Alaina Castillo -- parallel universe pt. 1
just a boy -- Alaina Castillo -- just a boy
last night -- Alaina Castillo -- last night
lips - Original Music from The L Word: Generation Q -- Alaina Castillo -- lips (Original Music from The L Word: Generation Q)
love you right -- Alaina Castillo -- love you right
luna de miel -- Alaina Castillo -- luna de miel
make it rain -- Alaina Castillo -- parallel universe pt. 1
me conquistaste -- Alaina Castillo -- malos hábitos
mentiras -- Alaina Castillo -- antisocial butterfly
no importa -- Alaina Castillo -- antisocial butterfly
no vuelvas a mirar atrás -- Alaina Castillo -- no vuelvas a mirar atrás
ocean waves -- Alaina Castillo -- ocean waves
one & only -- Alaina Castillo -- one & only
papacito -- Alaina Castillo -- antisocial butterfly
parallel universe -- Alaina Castillo -- parallel universe pt. 1
party in my head (ur not invited) -- Alaina Castillo -- party in my head (ur not invited)
pass you by -- Alaina Castillo -- the voicenotes
pocket locket -- Alaina Castillo -- parallel universe pt. 1
pretty little thing -- Alaina Castillo -- pretty little thing
running water -- Alaina Castillo -- running water
saboteo -- Alaina Castillo -- malos hábitos
sad girl -- Alaina Castillo -- the voicenotes
sad girls always finish first -- Alaina Castillo -- sad girls always finish first
starz -- Alaina Castillo -- starz
stfu (i got u) -- Alaina Castillo -- parallel universe pt. 1
tell the one u love -- Alaina Castillo -- fantasies
tonight -- Alaina Castillo -- tonight
triste como yo -- Alaina Castillo -- mensajes de voz
un niño -- Alaina Castillo -- mensajes de voz
used to -- Alaina Castillo -- used to
valentine's day -- Alaina Castillo -- valentine's day
voicenote -- Alaina Castillo -- the voicenotes
wish you were here -- Alaina Castillo -- wish you were here
wishlist -- Alaina Castillo -- wishlist
¡párate! -- Alaina Castillo -- ¡párate!
éxtasis -- Alaina Castillo -- éxtasis
