This Is Pauline Oliveros
This is Pauline Oliveros. The essential tracks, all in one playlist.

"Blow Winds" -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
A Love Song -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
Altamirage III -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz -- Altamirage
Altamirage V -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz -- Altamirage
Angel Fix -- Pauline Oliveros -- Reverberations: Tape & Electronic Music 1961-1970
Arc Hive -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Body Stories -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Bye Bye Butterfly -- Pauline Oliveros -- New Music for Electronic and Recorded Media: Women In Electronic Music - 1977
Calluna Vulgaris -- Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund, Else Olsen Storesund -- Botanikk
Condensed Matter -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Crossing the Sands -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Do We Deserve Dubya? -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Duet -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Fantastic Increments -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Grains -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Growler -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
In the Houses of My Families -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Incandescent Gesture -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Information National Forest -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Ione -- Pauline Oliveros, Stuart Dempster, Panaiotis -- Deep Listening
Jupiter Smiles -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Last Night in the Holocene -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Lines of Inevitability -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 3)
Monkey -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Monument -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Nike -- Pauline Oliveros, Stuart Dempster, Panaiotis -- Deep Listening
Pauline Oliveros - I of IV -- Pauline Oliveros -- New Sounds In Electronic Music
Penguin -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Photonic Dance -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Quartetto Telematico #2 -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch, Chris Chafe -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Rattlesnake Mountain -- Pauline Oliveros -- Accordion & Voice
Reverberations -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
Several Moments -- Philip Gelb, Pauline Oliveros, Dana Reason, Barre Phillips -- The Space Between with Barre Phillips
Several More Happened -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Sirens of Titan -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Sonic Mercury -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 1)
Spin Density -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
Striations -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Supercritical -- Pauline Oliveros, Doug Van Nort, Jonas Braasch -- phase/transitions (vol. 2)
The Gentle (I) -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
The Last Time -- Pauline Oliveros -- Ghostdance
The Longest Song in the World -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
The Receptive -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
The Well -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
The Well / The Gentle -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Well & The Gentle
Three of a Mind -- Pauline Oliveros, Timothy Hill, David Rothenberg -- Cicada Dream Band
Traces -- Pauline Oliveros -- The Roots of the Movement
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass II -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Trio For Trumpet, Accordion, and String Bass IV -- Pauline Oliveros, James Ilgenfritz, Anagram Ensemble -- Altamirage
Vaccinium Myrtillus -- Pauline Oliveros, Lisa Dillan, Øyvind Storesund, Else Olsen Storesund -- Botanikk
