LUPIN Official Playlist
Listen to the official playlist for LUPIN, now streaming on Netflix.

Agent Ferel & Cie -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Arsène -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Atomic -- Blondie -- Eat To The Beat
Aux armes et caetera -- Serge Gainsbourg -- Aux armes et caetera
Ave Maria -- Mathieu Lamboley, Catherine Trottmann -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Cambrioleur -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Carte Postale -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Claire -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Coffre-fort -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Coulisses -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Cuz I Love You -- Lizzo -- Cuz I Love You
Dans l'ombre d'Assane -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Diamants -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Drug Song -- Janko Nilovic -- Volume 1 (3 albums: Super America)
Duel -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
En scène ! -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
English Summer -- Other Lives -- Rituals
Etretat -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Etretat Variation & Remix -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Ferel -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Filature -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Fleur -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Gentleman -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Gentleman cambrioleur - Remastered 2004 -- Jacques Dutronc -- Gentleman cambrioleur (Remastered)
Hier encore -- Charles Aznavour -- Que c'est triste Venise (Remastered 2014)
I Can See Clearly Now - Edit -- Johnny Nash -- I Can See Clearly Now
I Got The... - 2006 Remaster -- Labi Siffre -- Remember My Song
Inspecteur Ganimard -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Juliette -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Kidnapping -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
L'Aiguille Mystérieuse -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
L'arnaque -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
L'Emeraude -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
L'indice -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
La Rançon -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
La Symphonie de Lupin - Version 2 -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
La symphonie de Lupin -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Labyrinthe -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Le Fugitif -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Le manoir mystérieux -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Le secret -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Le Voyageur -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Legends -- The MIDI Mafia, Chel Strong, Maxton Waller -- Harder Than Most
Les Confidences d'Assane -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Les huit coups -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Les Huits Coups Variation & Remix -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Les milliards -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Lonely Boy -- The Black Keys -- El Camino
Louvre -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Lupin -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Léonard -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Meaning - Choral Version -- Cascadeur -- The Human Octopus
On ne change pas -- Céline Dion -- S'il Suffisait D'aimer
Pellegrini -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 1 of the Netflix Original Series)
Perle Noire -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Place Vendôme -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Père-Lachaise -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin, Pt. 3 (Soundtrack from the Netflix Series)
Reach Out I'll Be There -- Four Tops -- The Definitive Collection
Sensualité -- Axelle Red -- Sans plus attendre
Sueur froide -- Mathieu Lamboley -- Lupin (Music from Pt. 2 of the Netflix Original Series)
Sway (with Pérez Prado y Su Orquesta) -- Rosemary Clooney, Pérez Prado -- Entertaining Made Simple: Mojitos, Mariscos, and Mambo
What A Man -- Linda Lyndell -- The Complete Stax / Volt Soul Singles, Vol. 2: 1968-1971
