^_^ All kittydog songs
Includes instrumentals , collabs, ect blahblah balb yeah their other songs are on her soundcloud ! These r js all the song they made on spotify 

14 -- Kittydog -- 14
a little silly :3 - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- a little silly :3
a little silly :3 -- Kittydog -- a little silly :3
a world -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
against my shell -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog -- against my shell
against my shell -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog -- against my shell
allowed to LOVE - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
allowed to LOVE -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
Anymore -- MADAME SCARLETT, Kittydog -- ANYMORE
ass - extended version -- Kittydog -- ass (extended version)
b my wife!! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- b my wife!!!
b my wife!!! -- Kittydog -- b my wife!!!
BEAR YOUR FANGS -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog, Vincent & The Black Rabbit -- BEAR YOUR FANGS
BEAR YOUR FANGS -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog, Vincent & The Black Rabbit -- NEVER CATCH THE LIGHT
BEES IN MY HEAD (adhd) - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- BEES IN MY HEAD (adhd)
BEES IN MY HEAD (adhd) -- Kittydog -- BEES IN MY HEAD (adhd)
Bees in my head - Remake -- Kittydog -- Bees in my head (remake)
Bees in my head - Remake Instrumental -- Kittydog -- Bees in my head (remake)
before i explode - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
before i explode -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
bewildered - Instrumental -- Kittydog, Learke -- bewildered
bewildered -- Kittydog, Learke -- bewildered
blending in - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- blending in
blending in -- Kittydog -- blending in
BOARD GAME -- Kittydog -- BOARD GAME
break stuff -- Kittydog, Joshua Lanuarii -- break stuff
broken dream -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
bumpin' tails -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
butterfly in paradise !! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- butterfly in paradise !!
butterfly in paradise !! -- Kittydog -- butterfly in paradise !!
byte girlfriend -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
Can you take it? -- Learke, Kittydog -- Can you take it?
Catgirl Anthem -- Kittydog, Flowmotionyt -- Catgirl Anthem
celebrity - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- celebrity
celebrity -- Kittydog -- celebrity
chasing the stars, living the dream -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
COPE -- Kittydog -- COPE
crying in the club - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- crying in the club
crying in the club -- Kittydog -- crying in the club
crystal spray - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- crystal spray (Instrumental)
crystal spray - Remastered -- Kittydog -- crystal spray (Remastered)
crystal spray -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
cursed2all4s -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
damn beautiful -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
death at your expense - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
Death At Your Expense -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
deteriorating - Remastered -- Kittydog -- deteriorating (Remastered)
deteriorating -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
Directions -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
dissociated fantasy - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- dissociated fantasy
dissociated fantasy -- Kittydog -- dissociated fantasy
DON'T CALL ME @ THE CLUB -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog, Vincent & The Black Rabbit -- DANCE DANCE BABY
DON'T CALL ME @ THE CLUB -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog, Vincent & The Black Rabbit -- DON'T CALL ME @ THE CLUB
double hue -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
escape room - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- escape room
escape room -- Kittydog -- escape room
falling into place (the cat's out!) - Instrumental -- Kittydog, Learke -- falling into place (the cat's out!)
falling into place (the cat's out!) -- Kittydog, Learke -- falling into place (the cat's out!)
fantasy world -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
feel like a folder - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
feel like a folder -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
floating! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- floating!
floating! -- Kittydog -- floating!
for you - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- for you
for you -- Kittydog -- for you
free falling (remake) -- Kittydog -- free falling (remake)
free falling - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- free falling
free falling -- Kittydog -- free falling
freeze up - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- freeze up
freeze up -- Kittydog -- freeze up
gamer - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- gamer
gamer -- Kittydog -- gamer
God has me in Her design - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
God has me in Her design -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
heartbreaker feelings - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
heartbreaker feelings -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
hello sunshine -- Kittydog -- hello sunshine
Highlighted and Underlined -- Kittydog -- Highlighted and Underlined
i do not want to feel -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
I Don't Wanna Remember (kittydog & FlowmotionYT) -- Kittydog, Flowmotionyt -- I Don't Wanna Remember (kittydog & FlowmotionYT)
i love u vro! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- i love u vro!
i love u vro! -- Kittydog -- i love u vro!
I NEED THAT -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
i only got one -- Kittydog -- i only got one
i peed i farded i shidded i camed - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- i peed i farded i shidded i camed
i peed i farded i shidded i camed -- Kittydog -- i peed i farded i shidded i camed
i rly lost my shit -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
i'm done wasting my time -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
i'm down -- Joshua Lanuarii, Peachii, Kittydog -- Heart After Dark
i'm down -- Joshua Lanuarii, Peachii, Kittydog -- i'm down
idk how to make music whore -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
im part of the PAWblem​!​! -- Kittydog -- im part of the PAWblem​!​!
in my heart - nightcore -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog, nbmusic -- in my heart
in my heart -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog, nbmusic -- in my heart
indecision - kittydog remix!! -- Learke, Kittydog -- indecision (kittydog remix!!)
inhuman - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
inhuman -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
iNSaNiTY -- sixwing, Kittydog -- iNSaNiTY
intergalactic fractal -- Kittydog -- intergalactic fractal
it will be okay!! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- it will be okay!!
it will be okay!! -- Kittydog -- it will be okay!!
it's all love - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- it's all love
it's all love -- Kittydog -- it's all love
Jingle bells (i hope i don't go to hell) -- Kittydog -- Jingle bells (i hope i don't go to hell)
Jingle bells - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- Jingle bells (i hope i don't go to hell)
jus make it go boom - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- jus make it go boom
jus make it go boom -- Kittydog -- jus make it go boom
jus make it go boom remake - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- jus make it go boom remake
jus make it go boom remake -- Kittydog -- jus make it go boom remake
LFG -- Kittydog -- LFG
LIES -- Kittydog -- LIES
light show -- Kittydog, nekozuna -- light show
little constellation! -- Kittydog, Learke -- DIRECTIONS
loopy tastes good - autotuned version -- Kittydog -- loopy tastes good
loopy tastes good - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- loopy tastes good
loopy tastes good -- Kittydog -- loopy tastes good
LOSE LOSE LOSE - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- LOSE LOSE LOSE
LOSE LOSE LOSE -- Kittydog -- LOSE LOSE LOSE
luv u FUREVR!!! -- SPARKLEWOLF RADIO, Kittydog -- luv u FUREVR!!!
LUV3 SICK!! -- UrvTek, Kittydog -- LUV3 SICK!!
mango girl -- Draffish, Kittydog -- wish
MAX LVL FIXATED!! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- MAX LVL FIXATED!!
MAX LVL FIXATED!! - Learke Remix -- Kittydog, Learke -- MAX LVL FIXATED!! (Learke Remix)
MAX LVL FIXATED!! -- Kittydog -- MAX LVL FIXATED!!
METAL PIPE CORE - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- METAL PIPE CORE
METAL PIPE CORE -- Kittydog -- METAL PIPE CORE
microtonal ghost - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- microtonal ghost
microtonal ghost -- Kittydog -- microtonal ghost
miss my call (cover) -- Kittydog -- miss my call (cover)
My Best Friend -- Blurain, Kittydog -- What Life Really Means
my wedding vows (bandlab draft) -- Kittydog -- my wedding vows (bandlab draft)
never die -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
no inbetween - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- no inbetween
no inbetween -- Kittydog -- no inbetween
no reception - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
no reception -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
no response - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- no response
no response -- Kittydog -- no response
one touch - Autotuned Version -- Kittydog -- one touch
one touch - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- one touch
one touch -- Kittydog -- one touch
only wonders now. -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
outcast - instrumental -- Kittydog -- outcast (they all hate me)
outcast -- Kittydog -- outcast (they all hate me)
past present future - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
past present future -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
perfection DOESNT EXIST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -- Kittydog -- perfection DOESNT EXIST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
phoinky - hermo version -- Kittydog -- phoinky new beginning
phoinky -- Kittydog -- phoinky new beginning
Pity Party -- Belak, Kittydog -- It's Been Fun
plug me in - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- plug me in
plug me in -- Kittydog -- plug me in
pocket dimension - Extended Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
pocket dimension - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pocket dimension
pocket dimension -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
pocket dimension -- Kittydog -- pocket dimension
ppl go blush -- Kittydog -- ppl go blush
RIP Creativity - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- RIP Creativity
RIP Creativity -- Kittydog, Joshua Lanuarii -- RIP Creativity
rose tints -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog -- rose tints
rose tints -- Joshua Lanuarii, Kittydog -- rose tints
see into forever -- Kittydog -- see into forever
smile of urs -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
so numb that she's in hell - 2021 Version -- Kittydog -- SO NUMB THAT SHE'S IN HELL!!!
so numb that she's in hell - 2025 Instrumental -- Kittydog -- SO NUMB THAT SHE'S IN HELL!!!
so numb that she's in hell - 2025 Version -- Kittydog -- SO NUMB THAT SHE'S IN HELL!!!
space enby -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
stagnant waters -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
Stay true -- Learke, Kittydog -- tired brain analysis
superposition - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- superposition
superposition -- Kittydog -- superposition
superpositioned - Old Version -- Kittydog -- superposition
symbiotic intwinement - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
symbiotic intwinement -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
TALK SHIT!! -- Kittydog, Learke, Joshua Lanuarii -- TALK SHIT!!
Tell me!! -- Learke, Kittydog -- Tell me!!
Tell me!! -- Learke, Kittydog -- tired brain analysis
they all hate me -- Kittydog -- outcast (they all hate me)
this ts pmo me off -- Kittydog -- this ts pmo me off
transcendental -- Kittydog -- transcendental
u are my favorite! - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- u are my favorite!
u are my favorite! -- Kittydog -- u are my favorite!
UNDER THE MOON -- Joshua Lanuarii, Luminives, Kittydog -- NEVER CATCH THE LIGHT
w -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
want me dead - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- want me dead
want me dead -- Kittydog -- want me dead
what's it like to be a heart broken bitch -- Kittydog -- autotune garbage
when has healthy ever been my priority - Old Version -- Kittydog -- when has healthy ever been my priority
when has healthy ever been my priority - Remake Version -- Kittydog -- when has healthy ever been my priority
WIN WIN WIN - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- WIN WIN WIN
WIN WIN WIN -- Kittydog -- DIRECTIONS
WIN WIN WIN -- Kittydog -- WIN WIN WIN
world full of strings -- Kittydog -- kittydog music album
you still live in my veins - Instrumental -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
you still live in my veins -- Kittydog -- pastpresentfuture + instrumentals
